Update README.md (#908)
aeternity/aepp-base: README.md

# Base æpp [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/aeternity/aepp-base.svg?branch=master)](https://api.travis-ci.org/aeternity/aepp-base)

## How to get the Base æpp

* [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aeternity.base)
* [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/ru/app/base-%C3%A6pp-wallet/id1458655724)

> * [Site](https://base.aepps.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Web version](https://base.aepps.com/)
```

> Also join our [Telegram channel](https://t.me/aeppbase) and our [Forum](https://forum.aeternity.com/c/aepplications/wallets-and-browsers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also join our [Telegram channel](https://t.me/aeppbase) and our [Forum](https://forum.aeternity.com/t/base-aepp-wallet-we-would-like-your-feedback/3387).
```

* Create a PR to master which then also has to be accepted.
* Create a tag for this version and push the tag.
* Also merge back the changes (like the version bump) into develop.

> * The master branch is deployed to the [production environment](https://base.aepps.com/) by travis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The master branch has to be deployed to the [production environment](https://base.aepps.com/) manually.
```

## Deployment

We have a stage (develop) and a production (master) branch and environments where these branches will be deployed to.
* [stage environment](https://stage-identity.aepps.com)
* [production environment](https://base.aepps.com/)

### stage
* Is used to see changes to the code in effect in a "real" environment without the fear of breaking the production environment.

### production
* Is the production environment, code lives in the "master" branch.

### other branches

> * Every branch is auto-deployed on https://`branch-name`.aepps.com/, with each `/`, `.` symbol in a branch name replaced by `-`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Every branch is auto-deployed on https://`branch-name`.origin.aepps.com/, with each `/`, `.` symbol in a branch name replaced by `-`.
```

### unsigned .apk and .app file
* Find `aetenity.app.tar.gz` file in the [latest release](https://github.com/aeternity/aepp-base/releases/latest) or download corresponding

> version from a branch https://`branch-name`.aepps.com/aetenity.app.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version from a branch https://`branch-name`.origin.aepps.com/aetenity.app.tar.gz
```

* Find `aeternity.apk` file in the [latest release](https://github.com/aeternity/aepp-base/releases/latest) or download corresponding

> version from a branch https://`branch-name`.aepps.com/aeternity.apk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version from a branch https://`branch-name`.origin.aepps.com/aeternity.apk
```
